1. Could not find class 'org.achartengine.renderer.XYMultipleSeriesRenderer', referenced from method com.num.ui.viewgenerator.GraphViewGenerator.createGraph\

2. at com.num.ui.viewgenerator.GraphViewGenerator.createGraph(GraphViewGenerator.java:78)\

3. at com.num.ui.adapter.ItemAdapter.getView(ItemAdapter.java:64)\

4. at com.num.ui.UIUtil.setListViewHeightBasedOnChildren(UIUtil.java:15)\

5. at com.num.activities.FullDisplayActivity$1.handleMessage(FullDisplayActivity.java:256)\

6. Service com.num.services.MeasurementService has leaked IntentReceiver com.num.utils.BatteryUtil$1@40faaf70 that was originally registered here. Are you missing a call to unregisterReceiver()?\

7.  android.app.IntentReceiverLeaked: Service com.num.services.MeasurementService has leaked IntentReceiver com.num.utils.BatteryUtil$1@40faaf70 that was originally registered here. Are you missing a call to unregisterReceiver()?\

8. at com.num.utils.BatteryUtil.registerBatteryLevelReceiver(BatteryUtil.java:105)\

9. at com.num.utils.BatteryUtil.getBattery(BatteryUtil.java:33)\

10. at com.num.tasks.BatteryTask.runTask(BatteryTask.java:37)\

11. at com.num.tasks.ServerTask.run(ServerTask.java:35)\

12. Could not find class 'org.achartengine.model.TimeSeries', referenced from method com.num.graph.TimelineView.constructGraph\

13. Could not find class 'org.achartengine.renderer.XYMultipleSeriesRenderer', referenced from method com.num.graph.ChartView.<init>\

14. java.lang.VerifyError: com/num/graph/ChartView\

15. at com.num.activities.GraphActivity.onCreate(GraphActivity.java:79)\

16.  android.content.ActivityNotFoundException: No Activity found to handle Intent \{ act=android.intent.action.VIEW dat=market://details?id=com.num \}\

17. E/AndroidRuntime(2657): 	at com.num.helpers.AppRater.startIntent(AppRater.java:23)\

18.  E/AndroidRuntime(2657): 	at com.num.activities.AboutUsActivity$1.onClick(AboutUsActivity.java:45)\
}
